hello everyone welcome to card number
two of my spring and easter card making
series so i started off with this CC
design swiss pixie bunny Lucy image
interrupt with memento tuxedo black ink
stamped it on to CC designs 110 110
pound white cardstock and is always
starting with the skin so I laid down a
50 is my face and then I'm going in l1
which is slightly darker and then just
lightly adding a little bit of ether
teen which is my darkest and then I
blend the darkest with the e 01 just go
back small circular motions once I've
got that blended I go back with the e 50
and blend everything together so once
I've got that I want to add some pink
for cheeks so that's the are 20 and
since the marker is still kind of wet on
the skin I hardly to do any blending
just a little bit of light blending just
to soften the edges of the pink a little
bit and that's it for doll the skin for
the hair I start with e 23 and put that
in all the areas then I go in with my
e25 and once I've got all that down I go
in with e 27 which is my darkest so once
I've got that down I go back with my e25
just to pull it out a little bit further
blend it a little bit and then finally
go in with my e 23 to pull the colors
together so now for her little bunny hat
I start with my RV 91 and then I'm going
in with RV 93 and then my darkest which
is the RV 95 and then blending the 95
with the 93 and then blending it all
together with the 91 again then for the
Greens i started with YG 03 had to give
her like totally bright colored tights
something one of my kids would you
totally so sorry with a why do three
went in with YG 25 and then blended it
back together with the YG o 3 and then
for the Dark Blues I did be 97 in be 99
again as always not being totally
perfect fabulous with coloring just
getting the color down that's all there
is to it so then finally for the last
little bit of dots on her funky little
tight so I used RV 66 and 69 and that
was it so for the card itself i'm using
patterned paper from the my mind's eye
lime twist happy-go-lucky pack I love
these papers I just love the colors so I
pulled those out and a little bit of
Stampin Up cardstock and I forgot to
check before I film this if those don't
want the green is still available is
part of the 2011 colors but the blue is
the made of Navy's I'm not sure yet i'll
find out when i go to do my links of it
still available this ribbon type stuff
isn't this is from prima you're like
literally i think i got five or six
years ago i only have that tiny little
bit so I just cut enough for the front
of the car the colors are perfect for
this card but yeah I don't think you can
get it anymore at all and then I just
used my Tim Holtz a little tiny attacher
to staple it on to the front of the card
and then for the love main image I just
used some dimensionals said she was
popped up of it so it looks like she's
kind of sitting on that ribbon and then
once I've got her in place I grabbed a
couple primos from my stash I was
inspired by the patterned paper so grab
a couple primas freestyle wasn't sure
where was gonna put them kind of fiddled
around with the layout back and forth
back and forth and finally decided to do
the lower left corner which was what I
wanted to in the first place so used a
pair of scissors to pierce a big enough
hole and then grabbed one of my large
Brad's from my stash I honestly don't
know who makes that Brad I've had it for
years I've all sorts of different huge
Brad's that i bought years and years ago
and then i'm using this is pale plum
cardstock again from stampin up and
again i don't think it's available sorry
this is just one of those videos on the
sentiment is actually a sneak peek of
one of my new sentiment sets that
actually comes out april sixth at all
that scraps so a little bit late for
Easter um you guys know me I'm behind on
everything it's ridiculous anyway I
stand a little hoppy easter stamp onto
the card stock with berlin's graphite
black ink punched out with a circle
bunch and then it
it onto the card front and then my etg
adhesive on the back of the card front
so i can actually adhere it to the card
itself and as always I couldn't leave it
without adding some stickles because
everything needs glitter so I learned my
lesson from the last card and made sure
to squeeze out a bit so I didn't get a
huge blob and ruin my main image and
then just DAP it on really lightly so
that it dries really quickly just like
so that's all there was to it for the
card front for the inside keeping things
pretty simple just show some scraps of
patterned paper and then another
sentiment from this is actually going to
be called the so wordy stamp set that
like I said it will be released April
sixth at all that scraps calm lined it
up on my acrylic block this time I just
inked it up with the moment oh tuxedo
black and then stamped on the bottom of
the white keys card stock and then
adhered everything together so once I
had all adhered it was a matter of sorry
little spoiler putting on the inside of
a card and that's all there was to it so
I will see you guys in the next video
thanks so much for watching and links as
always will be the description box below
I
you